Readme updates (#179)
returntocorp/bento: README.md

Bento is for JavaScript, TypeScript, and Python projects. It requires Python 3.6+ and works on macOS Mojave (10.14) and Ubuntu 18.04+.

## Motivations

> r2c is on a quest to make world-class security and bugfinding available to all developers, for free. We’ve learned that most developers have never heard of—let alone tried—tools that find deep flaws in code: like Codenomicon, which found Heartbleed, or Zoncolan at Facebook, which finds more top-severity security issues than any human effort. These tools find severe issues and also save tons of time, identifying hundreds of thousands of issues before humans can. Bento is a step towards universal access to tools like these. See [our Bento blog post](https://medium.com/@ievans/our-quest-to-make-world-class-security-and-bugfinding-available-to-all-developers-for-free-dce9eb7b06d0) to learn more.

Reviewer: we're missing all the links here

Bento is for JavaScript, TypeScript, and Python projects. It requires Python 3.6+ and works on macOS Mojave (10.14) and Ubuntu 18.04+.

## Motivations
> See our [Bento introductory blog post](https://medium.com/@ievans/our-quest-to-make-world-class-security-and-bugfinding-available-to-all-developers-for-free-dce9eb7b06d0) to learn the full story.

r2c is on a quest to make world-class security and bugfinding available to all developers, for free. We’ve learned that most developers have never heard of—let alone tried—tools that find deep flaws in code: like Codenomicon, which found [Heartbleed](http://heartbleed.com/), or Zoncolan at Facebook, which finds more [top-severity security issues](https://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2019/8/238344-scaling-static-analyses-at-facebook/fulltext) than any human effort. These tools find severe issues and also save tons of time, identifying [hundreds of thousands of issues](https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.com/en//pubs/archive/43322.pdf) before humans can. Bento is a step towards universal access to tools like these.

> We're also big proponents of opinionated tools like Black and Prettier. This has two implications: Bento ignores style-related issues and the bikeshedding that comes with them, and it ships with a curated set of checks that we believe are high signal and bug-worthy. See [Three things your linter shouldn’t tell you](https://blog.r2c.dev/posts/three-things-your-linter-shouldnt-tell-you/) for more details on our decision making process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’re also big proponents of opinionated tools like Black and Prettier. This has two implications: Bento ignores style-related issues and the bikeshedding that comes with them, and it ships with a curated set of checks that we believe are high signal and bug-worthy. See [Three things your linter shouldn’t tell you](https://blog.r2c.dev/posts/three-things-your-linter-shouldnt-tell-you/) for more details on our decision making process.
```

$ bento archive
```

> Bento is at its best when run automatically as a git hook (i.e. `bento install-hook`) or as part of CI.

Reviewer: specify "git pre-commit hook" IMO

> ### Command Line Options

Reviewer: this is good

> Please [open an issue](https://github.com/returntocorp/bento/issues/new?template=feature_request.md) if you need help setting up Bento with another CI provider. If you set up Bento with your provider of choice, we'd appreciate a PR to add instructions here! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please [open an issue](https://github.com/returntocorp/bento/issues/new?template=feature_request.md) if you need help setting up Bento with another CI provider. If you set up Bento with your provider of choice, we’d appreciate a PR to add instructions here! 
```
